Add Sample Documentation (#55)
LM-Development/aks-sample: Samples/PublicSamples/RecordingBot/docs/tutorials/deploy-tutorial.md

- [Microsoft Entra Id Tenant](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/fundamentals/create-new-tenant) [with Microsoft Teams users](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/fundamentals/license-users-groups)
- [Microsoft Azure Subscription](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cost-management-billing/manage/create-subscription)
  - The subscription in this tutorial is called `recordingbotsubscription`, also see [variables](#variables).
- Microsoft Entra Id adminstrator

The Microsoft Entra Id adminstrator is required to create recording policies and to approve application permission of the app registration. Within this tutorial it is assumed we are a Microsoft Entra Id administrator and always log in as such unless the tutorial requires otherwise.

## Contents

1. [Deploy an AKS Cluster](./deploy/aks.md)
2. [Deploy an Azure Container Registry](./deploy/acr.md)
3. [Clone Code and build Docker Image](./deploy/build.md)
4. [Deploy and configure Bot Service](./deploy/bot-service.md)
5. [Deploy Recording Sample to AKS Cluster](./deploy/helm-deploy.md)
6. [Create and assign a Recording Policy](./deploy/policy.md)
7. [Verify functionality](./deploy/test.md)

## Variables

> Througout this tutorial we will create some azure resources. The names we choose in this tutorial are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throughout this tutorial we will create azure resources. The names we choose in this tutorial are:

```

| Ressource | Name |
| --------- | ---- |
| Ressource Group | `recordingbottutorial` |
| AKS Cluster | `recordingbotcluster` |
| Azure Container Registry | `recordingbotregistry` |
| App Registration | `recordingbotregistration` |
| Bot Service | `recordingbotservice` |
| Azure Subscription | `recordingbotsubscription` |

> More variable names that are used representative in this tutorial are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variables that are used in this tutorial are:

```
